Adds status() callout. (#97)
web3-storage/docs: docs/README.md

1. **Make a note of the CID, which looks like `bafyb...`.** You'll need it in order to get your file.

:::tip Get the status of your upload

> It's possible to get the status of your file upload by using the `status()` method within the JavaScript client library. Checkout the [Query how-to section for more information →](./how-tos/query/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to get the status of your file upload by using the `status()` method within the JavaScript client library. Check out the [Query how-to guide](./how-tos/query.md) for more information.
```

> It's possible to get the status of your file upload by using the `status()` method within the JavaScript client library. Check out the [Query how-to guide](./how-tos/query.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to get a variety of details about your upload, including its CID, upload date, size on the network, and info on IPFS pinning and Filecoin storage deals, by using the `status()` method within the JavaScript client library. Check out the [Query how-to guide](./how-tos/query.md#querying-for-status-information) for more information.
```
@terichadbourne Does this take care of your concern?

Author: I'm happy with this if you are @terichadbourne.
